content/publications/_index.md, before:

---
title: My Academic Publications
description: ""
author: "Peter Kitlas"
show_post_thumbnail: false
show_author_byline: false
show_post_date: true
# for listing page layout
layout: list-sidebar # list, list-sidebar, list-grid

# for list-sidebar layout
sidebar: 
  title: Latest Publications
  description: |
    Check out my latest publications in The Encyclopedia of Islam, The Journal of North African Studies, and The Mediterranean Studies Journal.
  author: ""
  text_link_label: ""
  text_link_url: ""
  show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container

# set up common front matter for all individual pages inside project/
cascade:    
  show_author_byline: true
  show_post_date: true
  show_disqus_comments: false # see disqusShortname in site config
  # for single-sidebar layout only
  sidebar:
    text_link_label: View all projects
    text_link_url: /publications/
    show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container
---

** No content for the project index. This file provides front matter for the blog including the layout and boolean options. **

Commit message:

try using blog index instead of projects

content/publications/_index.md, after:

---
title: My most recent publications
description: ""
author: "Peter Kitlas"
show_post_thumbnail: true
show_author_byline: true
show_post_date: true
# for listing page layout
layout: list-sidebar # list, list-sidebar, list-grid

# for list-sidebar layout
sidebar: 
  title: A Sidebar for Your Thoughts
  description: |
    This is a fully featured blog that supports categories,
    tags, series, and pagination. Even this sidebar offers 
    a ton of customizations.
    
    Check out the _index.md file in the /blog folder 
    to edit this content. 
  author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
  text_link_label: Subscribe via RSS
  text_link_url: /index.xml
  show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container

# set up common front matter for all pages inside blog/
cascade:
  author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
  show_author_byline: true
  show_post_date: true
  show_disqus_comments: false # see disqusShortname in site config
  # for single-sidebar layout
  sidebar:
    text_link_label: View recent posts
    text_link_url: /blog/
    show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container
---

** No content below YAML for the blog _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside blog/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**
